README.md, before:

# Sleeved.io

The purpose of this site is to help the all of the board game geeks out there sleeve their precious games! The suggested sleeves are only Mayday sleeves, however I have also listed the card size for manual calculations. 

##### **How to use it:**
- Type in the name of a game into the search bar
- Click the magnifying glass
_Results should appear wit that game name (if they exist)_ 
- Press the plus (➕) icon to add the game to your "cart"
- Add all the games you need sleeved
- Cick the (❌) icon to remove a game from the "cart"

### **Verified Games**

A select few number of games have a checkmark (☑) next to their name. These games have been personally measured and counted by me, and if I could, I would offer a guarantee. 😁

### **Game missing?**

 If you'd like a game to be added, post a new issue in the [Issues forum](https://github.com/thedeviousdev/Card-Sleeves/issues).
 
Set the post title to `[Request] Game Name`
 ```
**Game Name:** 
**Board Game Geek URL:** 
**Year/Edition:** (if possible)
```
 
 ### **Wrong/New information?**
 
 Most of the games have information provided by the gaming community, but it's possible it is incorrect or has not been added yet (sorry)! If you have the game in question, please help out and post a new issue in the [Issues forum](https://github.com/thedeviousdev/Card-Sleeves/issues). Follow the following format:
 
Set the post title to `[Update] Game Name`
```
**Game Name:** 
**Board Game Geek URL:** 
**Year/Edition:** (if possible)

**Sleeve Size 1**
**Quantity:**
**Width (mm):**
**Height (mm):**

**Sleeve Size 2**
**Quantity:**
**Width (mm):**
**Height (mm):**
```
_Add as many sleeve sizes as necessary_

### **Future Updates**
- Verify all games from BGG list
- Allow a select community to update and add games themselves (Call out for contributors!)
- Allow community to update, and only allow a select view to 'verify'
- Empty cart/clear all button
- Add a "purchase" button that sends the user to Amazon (or other affiliates)
- Add sleeve colors to the names in the cart total
- Allow multiple of the same game to be added
- Allow users to change the sleeve brand
- Style the "cart" a little better
- Show edition/versions
- Pop-up/lightbox to explain what the site is/how it works
- Link to expansions from base game
- Create an API endpoint for people to export this data
- Reverse search (I have "x" games, which sleeves will fit them)
- Show images/videos of sleeved cards
- Analytics to see what are the most commonly searched games
- ~~Show 'no results' response when searching~~
- ~~Add ALL of the games from BGG list~~
- ~~Lock down the edit pages by login~~

### **Thanks!**

Special thanks to the sleeving community! I have imported all the sleeves from the [Mayday Sleeves list](https://www.maydaygames.com/pages/sleeves-by-game) and am working through [Adam Kranzel's list on Board Game Geek](https://boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/164572/card-sleeve-sizes-games). I also use the [Board Game Geek's API](https://boardgamegeek.com/wiki/page/BGG_XML_API2) to pull in the data for new games.

Commit message:

Forgot to add import feature, added empty cart

README.md, after:

# Sleeved.io

The purpose of this site is to help the all of the board game geeks out there sleeve their precious games! The suggested sleeves are only Mayday sleeves, however I have also listed the card size for manual calculations. 

##### **How to use it:**
- Type in the name of a game into the search bar
- Click the magnifying glass
_Results should appear wit that game name (if they exist)_ 
- Press the plus (➕) icon to add the game to your "cart"
- Add all the games you need sleeved
- Cick the (❌) icon to remove a game from the "cart"

### **Verified Games**

A select few number of games have a checkmark (☑) next to their name. These games have been personally measured and counted by me, and if I could, I would offer a guarantee. 😁

### **Game missing?**

 If you'd like a game to be added, post a new issue in the [Issues forum](https://github.com/thedeviousdev/Card-Sleeves/issues).
 
Set the post title to `[Request] Game Name`
 ```
**Game Name:** 
**Board Game Geek URL:** 
**Year/Edition:** (if possible)
```
 
 ### **Wrong/New information?**
 
 Most of the games have information provided by the gaming community, but it's possible it is incorrect or has not been added yet (sorry)! If you have the game in question, please help out and post a new issue in the [Issues forum](https://github.com/thedeviousdev/Card-Sleeves/issues). Follow the following format:
 
Set the post title to `[Update] Game Name`
```
**Game Name:** 
**Board Game Geek URL:** 
**Year/Edition:** (if possible)

**Sleeve Size 1**
**Quantity:**
**Width (mm):**
**Height (mm):**

**Sleeve Size 2**
**Quantity:**
**Width (mm):**
**Height (mm):**
```
_Add as many sleeve sizes as necessary_

### **Future Updates**
- Verify all games from BGG list
- Could not be added (from user Import)
- Allow a select community to update and add games themselves (Call out for contributors!)
- Allow community to update, and only allow a select view to 'verify'
- Add a "purchase" button that sends the user to Amazon (or other affiliates)
- Add sleeve colors to the names in the cart total
- Allow multiple of the same game to be added
- Allow users to change the sleeve brand
- Style the "cart" a little better
- Show edition/versions
- Pop-up/lightbox to explain what the site is/how it works
- Link to expansions from base game
- Create an API endpoint for people to export this data
- Reverse search (I have "x" games, which sleeves will fit them)
- Show images/videos of sleeved cards
- Analytics to see what are the most commonly searched games
~~- Import user list from BGG~~
~~- Empty cart/clear all button~~
- ~~Show 'no results' response when searching~~
- ~~Add ALL of the games from BGG list~~
- ~~Lock down the edit pages by login~~

### **Thanks!**

Special thanks to the sleeving community! I have imported all the sleeves from the [Mayday Sleeves list](https://www.maydaygames.com/pages/sleeves-by-game) and am working through [Adam Kranzel's list on Board Game Geek](https://boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/164572/card-sleeve-sizes-games). I also use the [Board Game Geek's API](https://boardgamegeek.com/wiki/page/BGG_XML_API2) to pull in the data for new games.
